# SBA307-HTML-and-CSS
Hello, My name is Jackie Boutwell and this is my SBA-307 HTML and CSS website. I started the webpage with a simple salon idea that is based in Seattle, Washington. I have a total of four pages for the whole website. The first thing that I did was add a navigation bar from Bootsrap. I then added that naviagtion bar to all four of my pages and inline styled the color to match my color theme. For the background and all of my pages I internally styled the background-color and text-color.  The first page is the home page. I added a picture with a img tag and a little bit about the company in Lorem Ipsum text generator. At the end of the page you will see the footer which includes some icons that I found from font-awesome which takes one line of JavaScript to link them. Also, there is the newsletter which includes a form for signing up!

The second page is the service page, on here you will find a table that helps the user locate what services the salon offers. In the text that says "Thank you for stopping by" you will see my first CSS animations which flashs another color when hovered over.
The third page is my favorite and this is the teams page. The teams page gives the user a chance to meet the team members that work at the salon. I had a lot of fun organizing the div boxes which contains the images and about me sections. It was really fun so see how external styling plus Flexbox really helped me create this look. 

Lastly, is the Book an Appointment page. At the top of the page you will see my second CSS animation that says "Book your Appointment Today!. This page shows you and drop down menu of all the services. Followed by the second form that will be filled out to book your appointment. At the bottom of the page you will see  a heart.gif. That is a preview of my website and some of HTML and CSS that I used. Thank you!